END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR Artelys Knitro(R)


IMPORTANT--READ CAREFULLY: THIS TYPE OF LICENSE IS ISSUED BY
ARTELYS WHEN Artelys Knitro(R) IS TO BE USED BY AN END-USER OR
CUSTOMER OF ARTELYS.  THE LICENSE GRANTED HEREUNDER DOES NOT
PERMIT Artelys Knitro(R) TO BE SOLD OR USED AS PART OF A THIRD-
PARTY SOFTWARE PACKAGE OR TRANSFERRED OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED HEREUNDER.

THIS END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is a legal
agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity)
and Artelys SAS or its subsidiaries ("Artelys") for the Artelys
Knitro(R) non-linear optimization software that accompanies this
Agreement (the "Software"). This Agreement does not relate to any
media, documentation, information or services that you may
otherwise obtain or receive from Artelys, nor does this Agreement
relate to any information or data obtained by you for use with
the Software, including any mathematical information, formulas,
data or other information, whether obtained in electronic form or
manually inputted, or the results generated by your use of the
Software (collectively, "Ancillary Data").  An amendment or
addendum to this Agreement may accompany the Software.

BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR USING THE SOFTWARE YOU AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO
NOT INSTALL, COPY, OR USE THE SOFTWARE.  ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND
CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

1.  GRANT OF LICENSE. Provided that you comply with all of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, Artelys grants you a non-
exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, and terminable
right and license to use the object code version of the Software
for your internal business purposes, and only within the United
States unless and until you have complied with all applicable
export restrictions of the United States, and all applicable
import restrictions, if any, of the country in which you intend
to use the Software.

This license includes the following rights:

1.1     INSTALLATION AND USE. You may:

(i) install and use one (1) copy of the Software on one (1)
personal computer or other device at any one (1) time; or

(ii)    copy the Software into the local memory or storage device of
a computer that you are currently using; or

(iii)   install a copy of the Software on a network storage device,
such as a local area network ("LAN") or secure intranet, and
allow one (1) access device, such as a personal computer, to
access and use that licensed copy of the Software over a private
network (however, additional devices may not access and use the
Software unless you have licensed the use of the Software on such
additional devices); or

(iv)    make archival or back-up copies of the Software for archival
or back-up purposes only.

No other use or copying of the Software is permitted under this
Agreement. Once installed, the Software cannot be installed or
transferred to an additional or different computer or other
device other than as expressly provided in this Agreement.

1.2 LICENSE GRANT FOR DOCUMENTATION.  The documentation that
accompanies the Software, if any, is licensed for your internal,
non-commercial reference purposes only.

1.3 NO LICENSE FOR ANCILLARY DATA.  Use of the Software
contemplates that you will obtain, and input into the Software,
Ancillary Data. The license granted under this Agreement does not
include any rights to any Ancillary Data. You are solely
responsible for entering into any commercial agreements required
to obtain such Ancillary Data to be inputted into the Software
and for assuring that all such Ancillary Data is inputted
correctly and accurately. The Software contains no features
for assuring that any Ancillary Data that is inputted is correct
or accurate.

1.4 LICENSE FEE.  In exchange for your use of the Software as
set forth in this Agreement, you hereby agree to pay the fees and
costs (collectively, the "License Fees") set forth in a separate
document furnished to you by Artelys (or a distributor) on or
before the date hereof, the receipt of which you hereby
acknowledge, and the terms of which are hereby incorporated by
this reference into this Agreement; provided, however, that if
you were given a free trial version of the Software by Artelys
(or a distributor), you are not obligated to pay such fees, but
all other terms and conditions of this Agreement still apply to
your use of the Software and related documentation and media.

2.  DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

2.1 MANDATORY ACTIVATION. There are technological measures in
the Software that are designed to prevent unlicensed use of the
Software.  Depending on the nature of the license granted, you
may not be able to exercise your rights to the Software under
this Agreement after a finite number of product launches, or
after a certain period of time has expired following your initial
installation of the Software, unless you activate or renew your
copy of the Software in the manner described during the launch
sequence. This may require you to obtain from Artelys an
additional password, key or other access identifier not included
with the Software. You may also need to reactivate the Software
if you modify your computer hardware or attempt to alter the
Software. If you are not using a licensed copy of the Software,
you are not allowed to install the Software and will not be
entitled to receive continued use of the Software.

2.2 SERVICES. Artelys may offer certain services for use in
connection with the Software, including product support. You may
not use any Artelys services associated with the Software in any
manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair such
services or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of
them. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any
service, account, computer systems or networks associated with
the services.

2.3 LIMITATIONS ON COMMERCIAL USE. If the license for the
Software is designated as something other than a commercial
license, including academic or research licenses, student
licenses, or certain free promotional licenses, then you may not
use the license for commercial gain or purpose.  Moreover, if the
license is designated as a trial or evaluation license, then it
may only be used during the designated trial period for
evaluation purposes and may not be used for commercial gain or
profit.  Only a license specifically designated as a commercial
license may be used for commercial purposes. The license type may
be designated in a separate document including the license fees
or may appear in the printed output of the Software.

3.  RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP. Artelys reserves all
rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement. The
Software is protected by copyright and other intellectual
property laws and international treaties. The Software, and all
modifications thereto and derivatives thereof, is owned and
copyrighted by Northwestern University and Artelys SAS. Artelys SAS
and Northwestern University own all right, title, interest,
copyright, and other intellectual property rights in and to the
Software, and all modifications thereto and derivatives thereof.
Artelys has an exclusive license to distribute the Software. Your
use of the Software and associated documentation is subject to
the applicable copyright laws and the expressed rights and
restrictions of these terms. The Software is licensed, not sold.
This Agreement does not grant you any rights to trademarks or
service marks of Artelys.

4.  LIMITATIONS ON REVERSE ENGINEERING, DECOMPILATION,
DISASSEMBLY, USE, COPYING, MODIFICATION, LEASING, SUBLICENSING,
TRANSFERRING, ASSIGNMENT, ETC. You may not, nor permit any other
person under your control or direction, to do any of the
following: (i) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the
Software (including the Formulas or any of the documentation) for
any reason; (ii) reduce the Software to a human perceivable form
(or permit any other person to do any of the foregoing); (iii)
use, copy, modify, or transfer the Software or any copy,
modification or merged portion thereof, in whole or in part,
except as expressly permitted by this Agreement; (iv) rent,
lease, lend, sublicense, collateralize, assign, or otherwise
transfer, in whole or in part, the Software, except as expressly
permitted by this Agreement; (v) make the Software available to
others over the Internet or similar networking technology; (vi)
make the Software available to others over any intranet
or similar networking technology; (vii) attempt to use the
Software, or any copy, modification or merged portion, in whole
or in part, without the copy protection device, if applicable,
being attached to the computer running the Software; (viii)
avoid, or attempt to avoid, any applicable time limitation or
problem size limitation or other limitation as to use of the
Software; (ix) remove or alter any copyright, trademark, or other
proprietary notices from the Software, any accompanying
documentation or related media; or (x) provide commercial hosting
services with, or involving the use of, the Software.

5.  ADDITIONAL SOFTWARE; UPDATES. Unless superseded by a
separate license or agreement, this Agreement relates to the
Software with which the Agreement has been delivered, as well as
all updates, supplements, add-on components, or Internet-based
components that Artelys may provide or make available to you
after the date you obtain your initial copy of the Software.

6.  EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You acknowledge that the Software is
subject to United States export jurisdiction. You agree to comply
with all applicable international and national laws that apply to
the Software, including the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations and regulations of the Bureau of Industry and
Security, as well as end-user, end-use, and destination
restrictions issued by the United States and other governments.

7.  SEPARATION OF COMPONENTS. The Software is licensed as a
single product. Its component parts may not be separated for use
on more than one computer or other device.

8.  UNAUTHORIZED USES. In the event you gain knowledge of any
use of the Software licensed under this Agreement that does not
comply with the rights and limitations of this Agreement, you
will notify Artelys immediately of such activity, and provide
reasonable assistance to Artelys in the investigation and
prosecution of such activity.

9.  TERM AND TERMINATION. Your right to use the Software and
this Agreement are effective until terminated. For certain
license types, including trial, evaluation and student licenses,
this Agreement, and your right to use the Software, may be
terminated by Artelys automatically and without further notice
after a finite number of product launches, or after a certain
period of time has expired following your initial installation
of the Software.  In addition, without prejudice to any other
rights, Artelys may terminate this Agreement if you fail to
comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including
by your transferring possession of any copy, modification or
merged portion of the Software to another party. You may
terminate this Agreement and your right to use the Software at
any time by destroying the Software and all copies thereof and
returning all product materials, copy protection device(s), if
applicable, to Artelys. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you
received a trial version of the Software which is time disabled,
this Agreement will automatically terminate upon expiration of
the applicable trial period. You agree upon termination of this
Agreement to destroy the Software together with all copies,
modifications and merged portions in any form and to return the
copy protection device(s), if applicable, to Artelys.

10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. ARTELYS WARRANTS THAT THE SOFTWARE
WILL PERFORM SUBSTANTIALLY AS DESCRIBED IN THE DOCUMENTATION
ACCOMPANYING THE SOFTWARE FOR A PERIOD OF NINETY (90) DAYS FROM
DOWNLOADING OR ACTIVATION (THE "WARRANTY PERIOD"). OTHER THAN
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY, ARTELYS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE
FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE PROGRAM WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR
THAT THE OPERATION OF THE PROGRAM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR
FREE. WHILE ARTELYS HAS ATTEMPTED TO ASSURE THAT USE OF THE
SOFTWARE WILL NOT RESULT IN ANY ERRORS OR MISCALCULATIONS,
ARTELYS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE IN THE EVENT ANY ERRORS OR
MISCALCULATIONS OCCUR. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU; AND YOU ASSUME ALL
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SELECTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE
YOUR INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION, USE AND RESULTS
OBTAINED FROM THE SOFTWARE. ARTELYS PROVIDES THE SOFTWARE AND
DOCUMENTATION AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY (IF ANY) IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, DUTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF RELIABILITY OR AVAILABILITY, OF
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF RESPONSES, OF RESULTS, OF WORKMANLIKE
EFFORT, OF LACK OF VIRUSES, AND OF LACK OF NEGLIGENCE WITH REGARD
TO THE SOFTWARE. THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE,
QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION
OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE.

In the event you identify any feature or function that is
believed by you to be inoperable or does not work as expected,
your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the
Software, remove it from any computer or other device on which
you have installed it, and contact Artelys for a replacement or a
refund of the purchase price as set forth in Section 11 hereof.
While you may wish to report the related feature or function,
Artelys has absolutely no obligation to undertake to correct or
repair any aspect of the Software. Further, Artelys is under no
obligation to develop, maintain or market the Software. Future
versions of the Software, if any, may not be compatible with the
current release of the Software.

11. LIMITATION ON REMEDIES; NO CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES.

11.1    YOU ARE NOT ENTITLED TO ANY DAMAGES OR PAYMENTS, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING FROM
YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU FOR
YOUR CONVENIENCE AND ARTELYS ACCEPTS NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES
YOU EXPERIENCE IN THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE. SOME
STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR
EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

11.2    TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO
EVENT SHALL ARTELYS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR
CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR
PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO MEET ANY
DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE, FOR
NEGLIGENCE, AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER)
ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY
TO USE THE SOFTWARE, OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF ANY FAULT, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), MISREPRESENTATION, STRICT LIABILITY,
BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF WARRANTY OF ARTELYS, AND EVEN IF
ARTELYS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11.3    NOTWITHSTANDING ANY DAMAGES THAT YOU MIGHT INCUR FOR ANY
REASON WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL DAMAGES
REFERENCED HEREIN AND ALL DIRECT OR GENERAL DAMAGES IN CONTRACT
OR ANYTHING ELSE), THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF ARTELYS UNDER ANY
PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY HEREUNDER
SHALL BE, AT THE OPTION OF ARTELYS, EITHER: (I) REPAIR OR
REPLACEMENT OF THE NON-CONFORMING SOFTWARE, OR (II) REFUND OF
YOUR PURCHASE PRICE. THIS WARRANTY AND REMEDY ARE SUBJECT TO YOUR
RETURNING THE SOFTWARE DURING THE WARRANTY PERIOD TO ARTELYS IN
THE COUNTRY IN WHICH YOU OBTAINED THE SOFTWARE. THE ABOVE
WARRANTIES ARE YOUR EXCLUSIVE WARRANTIES AND NO OTHER WARRANTY,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WILL APPLY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS,
EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS (INCLUDING SECTIONS 10 AND 11 HEREOF)
SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

12. APPLICABLE LAW; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY. This Agreement is
governed by the laws of the State of Illinois, United States of
America and, in respect of any dispute which may arise hereunder.
You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal
and state courts sitting in Cook County, Illinois, United States
of America for all matters arising under this Agreement and the
interpretation thereof, or in connection with your use or
purchase of the Software. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO
A TRIAL BY JURY THAT YOU MAY HAVE UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
ILLINOIS, THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, OR ELSEWHERE IN
CONNECTION WITH ANY MATTER BROUGHT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
INTERPRETATION THEREOF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR PURCHASE OR
USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

13. CUSTOMER SUPPORT SERVICES. Annual license maintenance and
support ("ALMS") services are available for payment of an
additional annual fee. Artelys will provide maintenance and
support services in connection with your use of the Software as
set forth in a separate document furnished by Artelys (or a
distributor) to you on or before the date hereof, the receipt
of which you hereby acknowledge and the terms of which are
hereby incorporated by this reference into this Agreement.
If you did not pay for the Software because you were issued a
free trial version of the Software or otherwise, then Artelys
is not obligated to provide any maintenance or support services
in connection with your use of the Software and may do so, if
at all, in its sole discretion.

14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY. This Agreement (including
any addendum or amendment to this Agreement which is include
with the Software) is the entire agreement between you and
Artelys relating to the Software and the support services (if
any) and the terms of this Agreement supersede all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals and
representations with respect to the Software or any other subject
matter covered by this Agreement.  If any provision of this
Agreement is held to be void, invalid, unenforceable or illegal,
the other provisions shall continue in full force and effect.

15. TRANSFER OF SOFTWARE. You may permanently transfer your
rights to use the Software, the Software itself including any
updates to the purchased version of the Software, and the
accompanying documentation, including this Agreement, provided
that you retain no copies of the Software, updates,
documentation, or this Agreement and the recipient accepts all of
the terms and conditions of this Agreement without reservation or
condition. Artelys must be notified in writing of any such
transfer. Any attempt otherwise to rent, lease, sublicense,
assign, or otherwise transfer any of the rights, duties or
obligations of this Agreement is not permitted, shall be void and
of no force or effect.

16. FEEDBACK.  Subject to any overriding confidentiality
agreement, any comments or materials sent to Artelys including
feedback data, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the
like regarding the Software (collectively "Feedback"), shall be
deemed to be non-confidential. Artelys shall have no obligation
of any kind with respect to such Feedback and shall be free to
reproduce, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create
derivative works and distribute the Feedback to others without
limitation. Further, Artelys shall be free to use any ideas,
concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such Feedback for
any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing,
manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such Feedback.
You agree that Artelys may use your name as a licensee of the
Software in its general marketing.

17. CONTACTING ARTELYS. Should you have any questions concerning
this Agreement, please contact Artelys SAS, 12 rue du Quatre
Septembre, 75002 Paris, FRANCE.

18. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. BY YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE, YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT AND
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

19. INCORPORATION OF THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE. THE SOFTWARE
INCORPORATES ONE OR MORE THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE PROGRAMS OWNED OR
LICENSED BY AN ENTITY UNRELATED TO ARTELYS, INCLUDING THE COIN
CLP SOLVER INCORPORATED INTO THE SOFTWARE. BY YOUR USE OF THE
SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU SHALL ABIDE BY ALL
TERMS, CONDITIONS OR LIMITATIONS IMPOSED BY SUCH THIRD-PARTIES,
COPIES OF WHICH ARE AVAILABLE UPON WRITTEN REQUEST SENT TO
ARTELYS. NEITHER ARTELYS NOR SUCH THIRD PARTIES PROVIDE ANY
ASSURANCES THAT THE THIRD-PARTY PROGRAMS INCORPORATED INTO THE
SOFTWARE DO NOT INFRINGE ON THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF
ANY OTHER ENTITY. ACCORDINGLY, ARTELYS AND SUCH THIRD-PARTIES
DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY TO YOU FOR CLAIMS BROUGHT BY ANY OTHER
ENTITY BASED ON INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR
OTHERWISE. AS A CONDITION TO YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND THE
LICENSE GRANTED HEREUNDER, YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY CLAIMS THAT YOU
MAY HAVE AGAINST ALL SUCH THIRD-PARTIES AND ARTELYS FOR ANY
REASON, INCLUDING IN THE EVENT SUCH THIRD-PARTY PROGRAMS INFRINGE
ON THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY OTHER ENTITY OR DO NOT
FUNCTION AS DESIRED, INTENDED, OR DESCRIBED IN ANY ACCOMPANYING
DOCUMENTATION.  THE SOURCE CODE FOR THE COIN CLP SOLVER
INCORPORATED INTO THE SOFTWARE IS AVAILABLE TO YOU AND MAY BE
DOWNLOADED FROM: http://www.artelys.com/tools/clp

20. DERIVATIVE WORKS. As provided in Section 3 hereof, Artelys
SAS and/or Northwestern University own all right, title and
interest in and to the Software and any modifications thereto or
derivatives thereof. In the event that you breach this Agreement
and modify the Software or create a derivative of the Software,
you hereby acknowledge and agree that all right, title and
interest to such modification or derivative shall be held
exclusively by Artelys SAS and/or Northwestern University, and you
agree that to the extent that you have any right in such
modification or derivative, you hereby unconditionally and
irrevocably assign such right to Artelys SAS and/or Northwestern
(as directed by Artelys SAS) and waive enforcement of any such
right and all claims and causes of action of any kind against
Artelys SAS and Northwestern University and their respective
successors, assigns and customers.

21. BINDING EFFECT AND ASSIGNMENT.  You may not assign, in whole
or in part, this Agreement without the written consent of
Artelys. In such event, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
shall inure to the benefit of your successors and assignees.

22. NO TRANSFER OF AGREEMENT OR LICENSE. You may not sublicense,
collateralize or otherwise transfer (by operation of law or
otherwise) or dispose of this Agreement, the license to the
Software granted hereunder, or any of its rights or obligations
under such Agreement or license without the prior written consent
of Artelys.

23. THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. Notwithstanding any other
provisions of this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement confers
or purports to confer any right to enforce any of its terms on
any person who is not a party to it.

24. ATTORNEYS' FEES. In the event that any action or proceeding
is brought by Artelys to enforce or interpret any provision,
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement, and Artelys is
successful in such action or proceeding, then you hereby
acknowledge and agree that Artelys shall be entitled to recover
from you its expenses therein, including reasonable attorneys'
fees and allowable costs.


Copyright (c) 2025 Artelys SAS.  All rights reserved.
