pyproject.toml
readme.md
assets/bullet_hell/enemy.py
assets/bullet_hell/enemy_bullets.py
assets/bullet_hell/main.py
assets/bullet_hell/player.py
assets/bullet_hell/player_bullets.py
assets/bullet_hell/setting.py
assets/bullet_hell/old_verisons/bullet_hell.py
assets/bullet_hell/old_verisons/enemy.py
assets/bullet_hell/old_verisons/game_start.py
assets/bullet_hell/old_verisons/main.py
assets/bullet_hell/old_verisons/player.py
examples/animated_sprite/main.py
examples/animated_sprite/my_sprite.py
examples/bullet_hell/enemy.py
examples/bullet_hell/enemy_bullet.py
examples/bullet_hell/main.py
examples/bullet_hell/player.py
examples/bullet_hell/player_bullet.py
examples/doodle_jump/main.py
examples/doodle_jump/platforms.py
examples/doodle_jump/player.py
examples/fish/fish.py
examples/fish/main.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/enemy.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/enemy_bullets.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/main.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/player.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/player_bullets.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/setting.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/old_verisons/bullet_hell.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/old_verisons/enemy.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/old_verisons/game_start.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/old_verisons/main.py
examples/fish/assets/bullet_hell/old_verisons/player.py
examples/getting-started/step 1 - create a sprite/main.py
examples/getting-started/step 1 - create a sprite/player.py
examples/getting-started/step 2 - control a sprite/main.py
examples/getting-started/step 2 - control a sprite/player.py
examples/getting-started/step 3 - backdrops/main.py
examples/getting-started/step 3 - backdrops/player.py
examples/getting-started/step 4 - clone a sprite/enemy.py
examples/getting-started/step 4 - clone a sprite/main.py
examples/getting-started/step 4 - clone a sprite/player.py
examples/getting-started/step 4 - clone a sprite (simple)/enemy.py
examples/getting-started/step 4 - clone a sprite (simple)/main.py
examples/getting-started/step 4 - clone a sprite (simple)/player.py
examples/getting-started/step 5 - local variables/enemy.py
examples/getting-started/step 5 - local variables/main.py
examples/getting-started/step 5 - local variables/player.py
examples/getting-started/step 6 - shared variables/enemy.py
examples/getting-started/step 6 - shared variables/main.py
examples/getting-started/step 6 - shared variables/player.py
examples/getting-started/step 7 - Referencing other sprites/enemy.py
examples/getting-started/step 7 - Referencing other sprites/hearts.py
examples/getting-started/step 7 - Referencing other sprites/main.py
examples/getting-started/step 7 - Referencing other sprites/player.py
examples/getting-started/step 8 - sprite variables/enemy.py
examples/getting-started/step 8 - sprite variables/hearts.py
examples/getting-started/step 8 - sprite variables/main.py
examples/getting-started/step 8 - sprite variables/player.py
examples/getting-started/step 9 - messages/enemy.py
examples/getting-started/step 9 - messages/hearts.py
examples/getting-started/step 9 - messages/main.py
examples/getting-started/step 9 - messages/player.py
examples/perspective_background/main.py
examples/perspective_background/player.py
examples/perspective_background/trees.py
examples/simple_pong/ball.py
examples/simple_pong/left_paddle.py
examples/simple_pong/main.py
examples/simple_pong/right_paddle.py
examples/simple_pong/score_display.py
pyscratch/__init__.py
pyscratch/event.py
pyscratch/game_module.py
pyscratch/helper.py
pyscratch/sprite.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/main.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/settings.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/left_panel/frame_preview_card.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/left_panel/frame_preview_panel.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/main_panel/animation_display.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/main_panel/frame_bin.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/main_panel/play_edit_ui.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/main_panel/set_as_sprite_folder.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/main_panel/sprite_edit_ui.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/main_panel/warning_message.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/right_panel/back_button.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/right_panel/cut_button.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/right_panel/cut_parameter_fitting.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/right_panel/cut_parameters.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/right_panel/file_display.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/right_panel/file_display_area.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/right_panel/spritesheet_view.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/right_panel/ss_select_corner.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/utils/input_box.py
pyscratch/tools/sprite_preview/utils/render_wrapped_file_name.py
pyscratch_pysc.egg-info/PKG-INFO
pyscratch_pysc.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
pyscratch_pysc.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
pyscratch_pysc.egg-info/requires.txt
pyscratch_pysc.egg-info/top_level.txt